I have made more money at gold than all
the great train robbers put together
you're still thinking about
it's a lovely vault that if I can round
up the right people all kind of people
[Music]
awesome as in you hit going kid okay
hey what miss deaf as a post packed the
gardens East stuff no one at home we go
down the shaft like spider-man then
through the wall and the ball is out
okay
not digger cries they're killing me
anything while you're in that movie huh
the problem with cold it's easy again
but it's difficult to get rid of police
have said this is the biggest robbery in
UK history everyone thinks you lost
you're not well I don't want to get cold
again I am NOT stupid
unless they're complete idiots the
jewels must have already left the
country those dingbats there's not this
alright on the governor I'll have you
feel jerks so happy to give up
everything you switched them you don't I
do you want if anyone's the weak link is
for me Brian and Kenneth yeah Boylan
Kenny and Billy they're like a pack of
starving rice
[Music]
she's so disappointed when people
stooped about seven
the blowing lead in the death you think
he's dead let's go
[Applause]
[Music]